content/projects/editing-portfolio.md, before:

---
title: Editing Portfolio
date: 2022-01-07 08:01:35 +0300
subtitle: Developmental Editing, Copy Editing, and Proofreading
image: '/images/contact-hero-tea.png'
---

<base target="_blank">

I offer manuscript consultations for the exploring author and in-depth editing services for authors with specific goals for their manuscript. That means everything from developmental editing and copy editing down to the nitty gritty of a proofread.

I enjoy a variety of speculative fiction genres, including fantasy, science-fiction, dystopian, gothic, and contemporary, and I like everything from middle grade up to and including adult. Through my work as an editor with [Writer’s Block Solutions](https://writersblocksolutions.ca/), [The Self Publishing Agency](https://theselfpublishingagency.com/), and all sorts of indie authors, I’ve also had the pleasure of editing cookbooks, memoirs, self-help, and picture books.

  <div class="section__navigation" style="padding-top: 0; padding-bottom: 50px;">
    <a href="/contact" class="button button--primary section-button"><b>Let’s Make Magic Together</b></a>
  </div>

<div class="gallery-box">
  <div class="gallery">
    <img src="/images/portfolio-through-fire-and-ruin.jpg" loading="lazy">
    <img src="/images/portfolio-waiting-for-rainbows.jpg" loading="lazy">
  </div>
</div>

<div class="gallery-box">
  <div class="gallery">
    <img src="/images/portfolio-marias-italian-cucina.jpg" loading="lazy">
    <img src="/images/portfolio-the-b-word.jpg" loading="lazy">
    <img src="/images/portfolio-jawbone-vol-1.jpg" loading="lazy">
  </div>
</div>

## Client List

### [The Self Publishing Agency](https://theselfpublishingagency.com/){:target="_blank"}
- [_Blooming_](https://www.amazon.ca/Blooming-Poetry-Seasons-Chiara-Mason/dp/1738816125), Chiara Mason (developmental and copy edit, poetry/prose collection)
- [_Ike_](https://lovereadingike.com/), Jason Dorland (proofread, memoir)
- [_Maria’s Italian Cucina_](https://theselfpublishingagency.com/authors/2000/), Maria Larosa (copy edit, cookbook)
- [_The B Word: Infertility and Other Conversations_](https://theselfpublishingagency.com/authors/the-b-word/), Simona Altvilla Moss (developmental and copy edit, memoir)
- [_Waiting for Rainbows_](https://theselfpublishingagency.com/authors/waiting-for-rainbows/), Ashley Berry (ghostwriting and developmental edit, memoir)
- [_It Was Meant to Be_](https://theselfpublishingagency.com/authors/it-meant-to-be/), Sylvia Baize (developmental and copy edit, memoir)
- [_Living in the Red_](https://theselfpublishingagency.com/authors/1628/), Nicole Wilson (proofread, memoir)
- [_The Box in the Closet_](https://www.jaynesbook.com/), Jayne Doxtater (proofread, memoir)

### [Writer’s Block Solutions](https://writersblocksolutions.ca/)
- [_The Travelling Gum_](https://www.amazon.ca/Travelling-Gum-Holly-Talbot/dp/1777277027), Holly Talbot (copyedit and proofread, children's picture book)
- [The Block Party blog](https://writersblocksolutions.ca/blog/author/elisevolkman/) strategy, writing, and editing
- Business reports & large document editing
- Website and social media writing, editing, and consulting

### Indie Authors
- Short story collection, Tyler Martens (copy edit and proofread, speculative fiction)
- "The Nemo Hypothesis," Danielle Boyd (developmental and copy edit, short story)
- [_Into Ashes & Doom_](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/78712134-into-ashes-and-doom), Jennifer Becker and Alice Karpiel (developmental edit, new adult fantasy series)
- [_Through Fire & Ruin_](https://app.thestorygraph.com/books/b3e67531-9d01-4711-b8a4-4aee7d1bbddb), Jennifer Becker and Alice Karpiel (developmental edit, new adult fantasy series)
- [_Perspective_](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/61143559-perspective?from_search=true&from_srp=true&qid=WWT7nvnX2C&rank=1), Leah O. Atazlu (copy edit and proofread, self-help)

### [Soundman Productions Inc.](https://www.soundmanproductions.ca/)
- Writing, and editing website copy
- Branding onsulting

### [Jawbone Magazine](https://www.instagram.com/jawbonemagazine/)
- Structural & stylistic editing of articles, poetry, and short stories
- Copy editing of articles, poetry, and short stories

### [Bakerview MB Church](https://www.bakerview.org/)
- Newsletter writing and editing
- Branding writing, editing, and consulting

### [Namesake Inc.](https://www.namesake.ca/home)
- _The Laeta King_, G.P. Dumitrascu (developmental and copy edit, epic fantasy)

### [House of James Bookstore & Coffeeshop](https://houseofjames.com/)
- Newsletter writing & editing
- Social media writing & editing

## Affiliations

<div class="gallery-box">
  <div class="gallery">
    <img src="/images/editors-canada-affiliate.jpg" loading="lazy">
    <img src="/images/TCA-affiliate.jpg" loading="lazy">
    <img src="/images/the-tea-grannies-podcast.jpg" loading="lazy">
  </div>
</div>

- [Editors Canada](https://www.editors.ca/) (Student Affiliate 2022-2023, and Volunteer for website re-development project)
- [The Creative Academy](https://creativeacademyforwriters.com/) (Member)
- [The Tea Grannies Podcast](https://shows.acast.com/the-tea-grannies) (Co-host, Co-creator)

Commit message:

Adding I'm on hiatus
to Contact, Services, and Editing Portfolio

content/projects/editing-portfolio.md, after:

---
title: Editing Portfolio
date: 2022-01-07 08:01:35 +0300
subtitle: Developmental Editing, Copy Editing, and Proofreading
image: '/images/contact-hero-tea.png'
---

<base target="_blank">

## <mark style="background-color: #ad72df ; color: #ffffff;">I'm on hiatus</mark> from editing projects while I head back to school to complete my degree. Thanks for understanding 💜 

I offer manuscript consultations for the exploring author and in-depth editing services for authors with specific goals for their manuscript. That means everything from developmental editing and copy editing down to the nitty gritty of a proofread.

I enjoy a variety of speculative fiction genres, including fantasy, science-fiction, dystopian, gothic, and contemporary, and I like everything from middle grade up to and including adult. Through my work as an editor with [Writer’s Block Solutions](https://writersblocksolutions.ca/), [The Self Publishing Agency](https://theselfpublishingagency.com/), and all sorts of indie authors, I’ve also had the pleasure of editing cookbooks, memoirs, self-help, and picture books.

  <div class="section__navigation" style="padding-top: 0; padding-bottom: 50px;">
    <a href="/contact" class="button button--primary section-button"><b>Let’s Make Magic Together</b></a>
  </div>

<div class="gallery-box">
  <div class="gallery">
    <img src="/images/portfolio-through-fire-and-ruin.jpg" loading="lazy">
    <img src="/images/portfolio-waiting-for-rainbows.jpg" loading="lazy">
  </div>
</div>

<div class="gallery-box">
  <div class="gallery">
    <img src="/images/portfolio-marias-italian-cucina.jpg" loading="lazy">
    <img src="/images/portfolio-the-b-word.jpg" loading="lazy">
    <img src="/images/portfolio-jawbone-vol-1.jpg" loading="lazy">
  </div>
</div>

## Client List

### [The Self Publishing Agency](https://theselfpublishingagency.com/){:target="_blank"}
- [_Blooming_](https://www.amazon.ca/Blooming-Poetry-Seasons-Chiara-Mason/dp/1738816125), Chiara Mason (developmental and copy edit, poetry/prose collection)
- [_Ike_](https://lovereadingike.com/), Jason Dorland (proofread, memoir)
- [_Maria’s Italian Cucina_](https://theselfpublishingagency.com/authors/2000/), Maria Larosa (copy edit, cookbook)
- [_The B Word: Infertility and Other Conversations_](https://theselfpublishingagency.com/authors/the-b-word/), Simona Altvilla Moss (developmental and copy edit, memoir)
- [_Waiting for Rainbows_](https://theselfpublishingagency.com/authors/waiting-for-rainbows/), Ashley Berry (ghostwriting and developmental edit, memoir)
- [_It Was Meant to Be_](https://theselfpublishingagency.com/authors/it-meant-to-be/), Sylvia Baize (developmental and copy edit, memoir)
- [_Living in the Red_](https://theselfpublishingagency.com/authors/1628/), Nicole Wilson (proofread, memoir)
- [_The Box in the Closet_](https://www.jaynesbook.com/), Jayne Doxtater (proofread, memoir)

### [Writer’s Block Solutions](https://writersblocksolutions.ca/)
- [_The Travelling Gum_](https://www.amazon.ca/Travelling-Gum-Holly-Talbot/dp/1777277027), Holly Talbot (copyedit and proofread, children's picture book)
- [The Block Party blog](https://writersblocksolutions.ca/blog/author/elisevolkman/) strategy, writing, and editing
- Business reports & large document editing
- Website and social media writing, editing, and consulting

### Indie Authors
- Short story collection, Tyler Martens (copy edit and proofread, speculative fiction)
- "The Nemo Hypothesis," Danielle Boyd (developmental and copy edit, short story)
- [_Into Ashes & Doom_](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/78712134-into-ashes-and-doom), Jennifer Becker and Alice Karpiel (developmental edit, new adult fantasy series)
- [_Through Fire & Ruin_](https://app.thestorygraph.com/books/b3e67531-9d01-4711-b8a4-4aee7d1bbddb), Jennifer Becker and Alice Karpiel (developmental edit, new adult fantasy series)
- [_Perspective_](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/61143559-perspective?from_search=true&from_srp=true&qid=WWT7nvnX2C&rank=1), Leah O. Atazlu (copy edit and proofread, self-help)

### [Soundman Productions Inc.](https://www.soundmanproductions.ca/)
- Writing, and editing website copy
- Branding onsulting

### [Jawbone Magazine](https://www.instagram.com/jawbonemagazine/)
- Structural & stylistic editing of articles, poetry, and short stories
- Copy editing of articles, poetry, and short stories

### [Bakerview MB Church](https://www.bakerview.org/)
- Newsletter writing and editing
- Branding writing, editing, and consulting

### [Namesake Inc.](https://www.namesake.ca/home)
- _The Laeta King_, G.P. Dumitrascu (developmental and copy edit, epic fantasy)

### [House of James Bookstore & Coffeeshop](https://houseofjames.com/)
- Newsletter writing & editing
- Social media writing & editing

## Affiliations

<div class="gallery-box">
  <div class="gallery">
    <img src="/images/editors-canada-affiliate.jpg" loading="lazy">
    <img src="/images/TCA-affiliate.jpg" loading="lazy">
    <img src="/images/the-tea-grannies-podcast.jpg" loading="lazy">
  </div>
</div>

- [Editors Canada](https://www.editors.ca/) (Student Affiliate 2022-2023, and Volunteer for website re-development project)
- [The Creative Academy](https://creativeacademyforwriters.com/) (Member)
- [The Tea Grannies Podcast](https://shows.acast.com/the-tea-grannies) (Co-host, Co-creator)
